ATTRIBUTION.md, before:

A special thanks goes out to these mod/library creators for their work:

## tr7zw
GitHub: [tr7zw](https://github.com/tr7zw)

Mods Created:
- [3D Skin Layers](https://modrinth.com/mod/3dskinlayers)
- [Entity Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling)
- [Not Enough Animations](https://modrinth.com/mod/not-enough-animations)

## Additional Mods Team
GitHub: [AdditionalModsTeam](https://github.com/Additional-Mods)

Mods Created:
- [Additional Additions](https://modrinth.com/mod/addadd)


## Autovw
GitHub: [Autovw](https://github.com/Autovw)

Mods Created:
- [Advanced Netherite](https://modrinth.com/mod/advanced-netherite)

## Technici4n
GitHub: [Technici4n](https://github.com/Technici4n)

Mods Created:
- [Advancements Debug](https://modrinth.com/mod/advancements-debug)
- [Applied Energistics 2](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2)

## Mari023
GitHub: [Mari023](https://github.com/Mari023)

Mods Created:
- [Applied Energistics 2 - Wireless Terminals](https://modrinth.com/mod/applied-energistics-2-wireless-terminals)

## Alloy Forgery Team
GitHub:
  - [glisco (Owner)](https://github.com/gliscowo)
  - [Noaaan (Contributor)](https://github.com/Noaaan)
  - [LordDeatHunter (Former Author)](https://github.com/LordDeatHunter)

Mods Created:
- [Alloy Forgery](https://modrinth.com/mod/alloy-forgery)

## FoundationGames
GitHub: [FoundationGames](https://github.com/FoundationGames)

Mods Created:
- [Animatica](https://modrinth.com/mod/animatica)
- [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe)

## shedaniel
GitHub: [shedaniel](https://github.com/shedaniel)

Mods Created:
- [Architectury API](https://modrinth.com/mod/architectury-api)
- [Auto Config Updated API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/auto-config-updated-api)

## deirn
GitHub: [deirn](https://github.com/deirn)

Mods Created:
- [bad packets](https://modrinth.com/mod/badpackets)
- [WTHIT](https://modrinth.com/mod/wthit)


## BCLib Team
GitHub:
  - [Quiqueck (Owner)](https://github.com/quiqueck)
  - [paulevs (Former Author)](https://github.com/paulevsGitch)

Mods Created:
- [BCLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bclib)

## squeek502
GitHub: [squeek502](https://github.com/squeek502)

Mods Created:
- [AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/appleskin)

## HeckinChloe
GitHub: [ChloeDawn](https://github.com/ChloeDawn)

Mods Created:
- [Beacon Overhaul](https://modrinth.com/mod/beacon-overhaul)

## queenofthebees
GitHub: [queenofthebees](https://github.com/queenofthebees)

Mods Created:
- [Bee Buddies](https://modrinth.com/mod/beebuddy)

## Better F3 Team
GitHub:
  - [treyruffy (Owner)](https://github.com/treyruffy)
  - [cominixo (Member)](https://github.com/cominixo)

Mods Created:
- [Better F3](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-f3)

## CoolMineman
GitHub: [CoolMineman](https://github.com/CoolMineman)

Mods Created:
- [Bits And Chisels](https://modrinth.com/mod/bits-and-chisels)

## 50ap5ud5
GitHub: [50ap5ud5](https://github.com/50ap5ud5)

Mods Created:
- [Boat Item View](https://modrinth.com/mod/boat-item-view)

## hibi
GitHub: [hibi](https://github.com/Hibiii)

Mods Created:
- [Boat Hud](https://modrinth.com/mod/boathud)

## comp500
GitHub: [comp500](https://github.com/comp500)

Mods Created:
- [Borderless Mining](https://modrinth.com/mod/borderless-mining)
- [Indium](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium)

## marshmallow
GitHub: [mrshmallow](https://github.com/mrshmallow)

Mods Created:
- [Better Recipe Book](https://modrinth.com/mod/brb)

## ishland
GitHub: [ishland](https://github.com/ishland)

Mods Created:
- [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/c2me-fabric)

## Prospector
GitHub: [Prospector](https://github.com/Prospector)

Mods Created:
- [Campanion](https://modrinth.com/mod/campanion)
- [Traverse](https://modrinth.com/mod/traverse)

## caelthecolher
GitHub: [caelthecolher](https://github.com/caelthecolher)

Mods Created:
- [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/capes)

## GabrielHOlv
GitHub: [GabrielOlvH](https://github.com/GabrielOlvH)

Mods Created:
- [Carrier](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carrier)

## svenhjol
GitHub: [svenhjol](https://github.com/svenhjol)

Mods Created:
- [Charm](https://modrinth.com/mod/charm)

## peppercode1
GitHub: [peppercode1](https://github.com/peppercode1)

Mods Created:
- [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)


## Creatures From The Warmths Team
CurseForge:
  - [YoWabbit (Owner)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/yowabbit)
  - [YeoXuHang (Artist)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/yeoxuhang)
  - [sticks_tricks](https://www.curseforge.com/members/sticks_tricks)

Mods Created:
- [Creatures From The Warmths! [Fabric]](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/creatures-from-the-warmths-fabric)

## Hugman
GitHub: [Hugman76](https://github.com/Hugman76)

Mods Created:
- [Culinaire](https://modrinth.com/mod/culinaire)

## alphaqu
GitHub: [alphaqu](https://github.com/alphaqu)

Mods/Libraries Created:
- [DashLoader](https://modrinth.com/mod/dashloader)
- [Dawn API](https://modrinth.com/mod/dawn)

## glisco
GitHub: [gliscowo](https://github.com/gliscowo)

Libraries/Mods Created:
- [DeathLog](https://modrinth.com/mod/deathlog)
- [oωo (owo-lib)](https://modrinth.com/mod/owo-lib)
## isxander
GitHub: [isxander](https://github.com/isxander)

Mods Created:
- [Debugify](https://modrinth.com/mod/debugify)

## Slomaxonical-907
GitHub: [Slomaxonical-907](https://github.com/Slomaxonical-907)

Mods Created:
- ['Dustrial Decor Fabric](https://modrinth.com/mod/dustrial-decor)

## juliand665
GitHub: [juliand665](https://github.com/juliand665)

Mods Created:
- [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps)

## klyser8
GitHub: [klyser8](https://github.com/klyser8)

Mods Created:
- [Earthbounds](https://modrinth.com/mod/earthbounds)

## theoness1
GitHub: [theoness1](https://github.com/Theoness1)

Mods Created:
- [Eating Animation [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/eating-animation)

## paulevs
GitHub: [paulevs](https://github.com/paulevsGitch)

Mods Created:
- [Eden Ring](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/eden-ring)

## bunten
GitHub: [lunarbunten](https://github.com/lunarbunten)

Mods Created:
- [Enderscape](https://modrinth.com/mod/enderscape)

## CamoMano
GitHub: [CamoMano](https://github.com/CamoMano)

Mods Created:
- [Enriched](https://modrinth.com/mod/enriched)

## ianm1647
GitHub: [ianm1647](https://github.com/ianm1647)

Mods Created:
- [Expanded Delight](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-delight)

## modmuss50
GitHub: [modmuss50](https://github.com/modmuss50)

Libraries Created:
- [Fabric API](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-language-kotlin)

## Slainlight
GitHub: [matthewperiut](https://github.com/matthewperiut)

Mods Created:
- [Fabricated Chisel](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-chisel)

## D4rkness_King
GitHub: [lucaargolo](https://github.com/lucaargolo)

Mods Created:
- [Fabric Seasons](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-seasons)

## Zifiv
GitHub: [Zifiv](https://github.com/Zifiv)

Mods Created:
- [Farmer's Delight [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/farmers-delight)

## malte0811
GitHub: [malte0811](https://github.com/malte0811)

Mods Created:
- [FerriteCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core)

## Fuzs
GitHub: [Fuzss](https://github.com/Fuzss)

Libraries/Mods Created:
- [Forge Config API Port [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/forge-config-api-port)
- [Puzzles Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/puzzles-lib)
- [Visual Workbench](https://modrinth.com/mod/visual-workbench)


## faboslav
GitHub: [faboslav](https://github.com/faboslav)

Mods Created:
- [Friends & Foes [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/friends-and-foes)

## ThanosGecko
GitHub: [bernie-g](https://github.com/bernie-g)

Libraries Created:
- [GeckoLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/geckolib)


## qouteall
GitHub: [qouteall](https://github.com/qouteall)

Mods Created:
- [Immersive Portals](https://modrinth.com/mod/immersiveportals)

## coderbot
GitHub: [coderbot](https://github.com/coderbot16)

Mods Created:
- [Iris Shaders](https://modrinth.com/mod/iris)

## mezz
GitHub: [mezz](https://github.com/mezz)

Mods Created:
- [Just Enough Items](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei)

## mysticdrew
GitHub: [mysticdrew](https://github.com/mysticdrew)

Mods Created:
- [Journey Map](https://modrinth.com/mod/journeymap)

## astei
GitHub: [astei](https://github.com/astei)

Mods Created:
- [Krypton](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton)
- [LazyDFU](https://modrinth.com/mod/lazydfu)

## LambdAurora
GitHub: [LambdAurora](https://github.com/LambdAurora)

Mods Created:
- [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdynamiclights)
- [Lovely Snails](https://modrinth.com/mod/lovely_snails)

## Flytre7
CurseForge: [Flytre7](https://www.curseforge.com/members/flytre7)

Libraries Created:
- [Flytre Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lib)

## jellysquid3
GitHub: [jellysquid3](https://github.com/jellysquid3)

Mods Created:
- [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium)
- [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium)

## Macaw Team
CurseForge:
  - [sketch_macaw (Owner)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/sketch_macaw)
  - [PeachyMacaw (Artist)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/peachymacaw)

Mods Created:
- [Macaw's Doors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-doors)
- [Macaw's Fences & Walls](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-fences-and-walls)
- [Macaw's Lights & Lamps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-lights-and-lamps)
- [Macaw's Paintings](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-paintings)
- [Macaw's Roofs](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-roofs)
- [Macaw's Trapdoors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-trapdoors)


## fxmorin
GitHub: [fxmorin](https://github.com/fxmorin)

Mods Created:
- [Memory Leak Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/memoryleakfix)
- [More Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/moreculling)

## Midnight Controls Team
GitHub:
  - [Motschen (Owner)](https://github.com/Motschen)
  - [LambdAurora (Original Creator)](https://github.com/LambdAurora)

Mods Created:
- [Midnight Controls](https://modrinth.com/mod/midnightcontrols)

## frqnny
GitHub: [frqnny](https://github.com/frqnny)

Mods Created:
- [Mo' Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/mo-structures)

## DeathsGun
GitHub: [DeathsGun](https://github.com/DeathsGun)

Mods Created:
- [Mod Manager](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmanager)

## Mod Menu Team
GitHub:
  - [Prospector (Prospector)](https://github.com/Prospector)
  - [modmuss50 (Contributor)](https://github.com/modmuss50)
  - [NeusFear (Terraformers MC Team)](https://github.com/NeusFear)
  - [jackassmc (Maintainer)](https://github.com/jackassmc)

Mods Created:
- [Mod Menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu)

## Akashii_Kun
GitHub: [AkashiiKun](https://github.com/AkashiiKun)

Mods Created:
- [More Axolotl Variants](https://modrinth.com/mod/mavm)

## JackFred2
GitHub: [JackFred2](https://github.com/JackFred2)

Mods Created:
- [MoreChatHistory](https://modrinth.com/mod/morechathistory)

## Siphalor
GitHub: [Siphalor](https://github.com/JackFSiphalorred2)

Mods Created:
- [Mouse Wheelie](https://modrinth.com/mod/mouse-wheelie)

## Noaaan
GitHub: [Noaaan](https://github.com/Noaaan)

Mods Created:
- [Mythic Metals](https://modrinth.com/mod/mythicmetals)

## MIUNO
GitHub: [MIUNO](https://github.com/MIUNO)

Mods Created:
- [NiceMod](https://modrinth.com/mod/nicemod)

## natanfudge
GitHub: [natanfudge](https://github.com/natanfudge)

Mods Created:
- [Not Enough Crashes](https://modrinth.com/mod/notenoughcrashes)

## AOCAWOL
GitHub: [AOCAWOL](https://github.com/AOCAWOL)

Mods Created:
- [Oh The Biomes You'll Go](https://modrinth.com/mod/biomesyougo)

## williewillus
GitHub: [williewillus](https://github.com/williewillus)

Libraries Created:
- [Patchouli](https://modrinth.com/mod/patchouli)

## ellivers
GitHub: [ellivers](https://github.com/ellivers)

Mods Created:
- [Pettable](https://modrinth.com/mod/pettable)

## raspberry-jam
GitHub: [raspberry-jam](https://github.com/raspberry-jam)

Mods Created:
- [PingList](https://modrinth.com/mod/pinglist)

## link4real
GitHub: [link4real](https://github.com/link4real)

Mods Created:
- [Plushie Mod](https://modrinth.com/mod/plushie)

## HyperPigeon
GitHub: [HyperPigeon](https://github.com/HyperPigeon)

Mods Created:
- [Polaroid Camera](https://modrinth.com/mod/polaroidcamera)

## TheArcanePigeon
GitHub: [ReillyGregorio](https://github.com/ReillyGregorio)

Mods Created:
- [Probably Chests](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/probably-chests)

## acikek
GitHub: [acikek](https://github.com/acikek)

Mods Created:
- [Purpeille](https://modrinth.com/mod/purpeille)

## yurisuika
GitHub: [yurisuika](https://github.com/yurisuika)

Mods Created:
- [Raised](https://modrinth.com/mod/raised)

## Lunade_
GitHub: [AViewFromTheTop](https://github.com/AViewFromTheTop)

Mods Created:
- [Simple Copper Pipes](https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-copper-pipes)

## Giggitybyte
GitHub: [Giggitybyte](https://github.com/Giggitybyte)

Mods Created:
- [SleepWarp](https://modrinth.com/mod/sleep-warp)
## FlashyReese
GitHub: [FlashyReese](https://github.com/FlashyReese)

Mods Created:
- [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)
- [Reese's Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/reeses-sodium-options)
## lucko
GitHub: [lucko](https://github.com/lucko)

Mods Created:
- [spark](https://modrinth.com/mod/spark)

## spottedleaf
GitHub: [spottedleaf](https://github.com/spottedleaf)

Mods Created:
- [Starlight (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/starlight)

## NebSpacefarer
GitHub: [NebSpacefarer](https://github.com/NebSpacefarer)

Mods Created:
- [Stendhal](https://modrinth.com/mod/stendhal)

## Glitchfiend Team
GitHub:
  - [Adubbz (Main Contributor)](https://github.com/Adubbz)

Mods Created:
- [TerraBlender](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terrablender-fabric)

## 0xmycf
GitHub: [0xmycf](https://github.com/0xmycf)

Mods Created:
- [Timber Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/timber-mod)

## n1nn1
GitHub: [n1nn1](https://github.com/n1nn1)

Mods Created:
- [🪵 Twigs](https://modrinth.com/mod/twigs)

## xanthian
GitHub: [xanthian](https://github.com/xanthian)

Mods Created:
- [Variant Barrels](https://modrinth.com/mod/variant-barrels)

## b1n-ry
GitHub: [b1n-ry](https://github.com/b1n-ry)

Mods Created:
- [You're in Grave Danger](https://modrinth.com/mod/yigd)

Commit message:

Add ATTRIBUTION & MODS to .packwizignore

ATTRIBUTION.md, after:

# Attribution
A special thanks to all of the mod/library creators that made this modpack available!

## tr7zw
GitHub: [tr7zw](https://github.com/tr7zw)

Mods Created:
- [3D Skin Layers](https://modrinth.com/mod/3dskinlayers)
- [Entity Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling)
- [Not Enough Animations](https://modrinth.com/mod/not-enough-animations)

## Additional Mods Team
GitHub: [AdditionalModsTeam](https://github.com/Additional-Mods)

Mods Created:
- [Additional Additions](https://modrinth.com/mod/addadd)


## Autovw
GitHub: [Autovw](https://github.com/Autovw)

Mods Created:
- [Advanced Netherite](https://modrinth.com/mod/advanced-netherite)

## Technici4n
GitHub: [Technici4n](https://github.com/Technici4n)

Mods Created:
- [Advancements Debug](https://modrinth.com/mod/advancements-debug)
- [Applied Energistics 2](https://modrinth.com/mod/ae2)

## Mari023
GitHub: [Mari023](https://github.com/Mari023)

Mods Created:
- [Applied Energistics 2 - Wireless Terminals](https://modrinth.com/mod/applied-energistics-2-wireless-terminals)

## Alloy Forgery Team
GitHub:
  - [glisco (Owner)](https://github.com/gliscowo)
  - [Noaaan (Contributor)](https://github.com/Noaaan)
  - [LordDeatHunter (Former Author)](https://github.com/LordDeatHunter)

Mods Created:
- [Alloy Forgery](https://modrinth.com/mod/alloy-forgery)

## FoundationGames
GitHub: [FoundationGames](https://github.com/FoundationGames)

Mods Created:
- [Animatica](https://modrinth.com/mod/animatica)
- [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe)

## shedaniel
GitHub: [shedaniel](https://github.com/shedaniel)

Mods Created:
- [Architectury API](https://modrinth.com/mod/architectury-api)
- [Auto Config Updated API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/auto-config-updated-api)

## deirn
GitHub: [deirn](https://github.com/deirn)

Mods Created:
- [bad packets](https://modrinth.com/mod/badpackets)
- [WTHIT](https://modrinth.com/mod/wthit)


## BCLib Team
GitHub:
  - [Quiqueck (Owner)](https://github.com/quiqueck)
  - [paulevs (Former Author)](https://github.com/paulevsGitch)

Mods Created:
- [BCLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bclib)

## squeek502
GitHub: [squeek502](https://github.com/squeek502)

Mods Created:
- [AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/appleskin)

## HeckinChloe
GitHub: [ChloeDawn](https://github.com/ChloeDawn)

Mods Created:
- [Beacon Overhaul](https://modrinth.com/mod/beacon-overhaul)

## queenofthebees
GitHub: [queenofthebees](https://github.com/queenofthebees)

Mods Created:
- [Bee Buddies](https://modrinth.com/mod/beebuddy)

## Better F3 Team
GitHub:
  - [treyruffy (Owner)](https://github.com/treyruffy)
  - [cominixo (Member)](https://github.com/cominixo)

Mods Created:
- [Better F3](https://modrinth.com/mod/better-f3)

## CoolMineman
GitHub: [CoolMineman](https://github.com/CoolMineman)

Mods Created:
- [Bits And Chisels](https://modrinth.com/mod/bits-and-chisels)

## 50ap5ud5
GitHub: [50ap5ud5](https://github.com/50ap5ud5)

Mods Created:
- [Boat Item View](https://modrinth.com/mod/boat-item-view)

## hibi
GitHub: [hibi](https://github.com/Hibiii)

Mods Created:
- [Boat Hud](https://modrinth.com/mod/boathud)

## comp500
GitHub: [comp500](https://github.com/comp500)

Mods Created:
- [Borderless Mining](https://modrinth.com/mod/borderless-mining)
- [Indium](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium)

## marshmallow
GitHub: [mrshmallow](https://github.com/mrshmallow)

Mods Created:
- [Better Recipe Book](https://modrinth.com/mod/brb)

## ishland
GitHub: [ishland](https://github.com/ishland)

Mods Created:
- [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/c2me-fabric)

## Prospector
GitHub: [Prospector](https://github.com/Prospector)

Mods Created:
- [Campanion](https://modrinth.com/mod/campanion)
- [Traverse](https://modrinth.com/mod/traverse)

## caelthecolher
GitHub: [caelthecolher](https://github.com/caelthecolher)

Mods Created:
- [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/capes)

## GabrielHOlv
GitHub: [GabrielOlvH](https://github.com/GabrielOlvH)

Mods Created:
- [Carrier](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carrier)

## svenhjol
GitHub: [svenhjol](https://github.com/svenhjol)

Mods Created:
- [Charm](https://modrinth.com/mod/charm)

## peppercode1
GitHub: [peppercode1](https://github.com/peppercode1)

Mods Created:
- [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)


## Creatures From The Warmths Team
CurseForge:
  - [YoWabbit (Owner)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/yowabbit)
  - [YeoXuHang (Artist)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/yeoxuhang)
  - [sticks_tricks](https://www.curseforge.com/members/sticks_tricks)

Mods Created:
- [Creatures From The Warmths! [Fabric]](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/creatures-from-the-warmths-fabric)

## Hugman
GitHub: [Hugman76](https://github.com/Hugman76)

Mods Created:
- [Culinaire](https://modrinth.com/mod/culinaire)

## alphaqu
GitHub: [alphaqu](https://github.com/alphaqu)

Mods/Libraries Created:
- [DashLoader](https://modrinth.com/mod/dashloader)
- [Dawn API](https://modrinth.com/mod/dawn)

## glisco
GitHub: [gliscowo](https://github.com/gliscowo)

Libraries/Mods Created:
- [DeathLog](https://modrinth.com/mod/deathlog)
- [oωo (owo-lib)](https://modrinth.com/mod/owo-lib)
## isxander
GitHub: [isxander](https://github.com/isxander)

Mods Created:
- [Debugify](https://modrinth.com/mod/debugify)

## Slomaxonical-907
GitHub: [Slomaxonical-907](https://github.com/Slomaxonical-907)

Mods Created:
- ['Dustrial Decor Fabric](https://modrinth.com/mod/dustrial-decor)

## juliand665
GitHub: [juliand665](https://github.com/juliand665)

Mods Created:
- [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps)

## klyser8
GitHub: [klyser8](https://github.com/klyser8)

Mods Created:
- [Earthbounds](https://modrinth.com/mod/earthbounds)

## theoness1
GitHub: [theoness1](https://github.com/Theoness1)

Mods Created:
- [Eating Animation [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/eating-animation)

## paulevs
GitHub: [paulevs](https://github.com/paulevsGitch)

Mods Created:
- [Eden Ring](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/eden-ring)

## bunten
GitHub: [lunarbunten](https://github.com/lunarbunten)

Mods Created:
- [Enderscape](https://modrinth.com/mod/enderscape)

## CamoMano
GitHub: [CamoMano](https://github.com/CamoMano)

Mods Created:
- [Enriched](https://modrinth.com/mod/enriched)

## ianm1647
GitHub: [ianm1647](https://github.com/ianm1647)

Mods Created:
- [Expanded Delight](https://modrinth.com/mod/expanded-delight)

## modmuss50
GitHub: [modmuss50](https://github.com/modmuss50)

Libraries Created:
- [Fabric API](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-language-kotlin)

## Slainlight
GitHub: [matthewperiut](https://github.com/matthewperiut)

Mods Created:
- [Fabricated Chisel](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-chisel)

## D4rkness_King
GitHub: [lucaargolo](https://github.com/lucaargolo)

Mods Created:
- [Fabric Seasons](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-seasons)

## Zifiv
GitHub: [Zifiv](https://github.com/Zifiv)

Mods Created:
- [Farmer's Delight [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/farmers-delight)

## malte0811
GitHub: [malte0811](https://github.com/malte0811)

Mods Created:
- [FerriteCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core)

## Fuzs
GitHub: [Fuzss](https://github.com/Fuzss)

Libraries/Mods Created:
- [Forge Config API Port [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/forge-config-api-port)
- [Puzzles Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/puzzles-lib)
- [Visual Workbench](https://modrinth.com/mod/visual-workbench)


## faboslav
GitHub: [faboslav](https://github.com/faboslav)

Mods Created:
- [Friends & Foes [Fabric]](https://modrinth.com/mod/friends-and-foes)

## ThanosGecko
GitHub: [bernie-g](https://github.com/bernie-g)

Libraries Created:
- [GeckoLib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/geckolib)


## qouteall
GitHub: [qouteall](https://github.com/qouteall)

Mods Created:
- [Immersive Portals](https://modrinth.com/mod/immersiveportals)

## coderbot
GitHub: [coderbot](https://github.com/coderbot16)

Mods Created:
- [Iris Shaders](https://modrinth.com/mod/iris)

## mezz
GitHub: [mezz](https://github.com/mezz)

Mods Created:
- [Just Enough Items](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei)

## mysticdrew
GitHub: [mysticdrew](https://github.com/mysticdrew)

Mods Created:
- [Journey Map](https://modrinth.com/mod/journeymap)

## astei
GitHub: [astei](https://github.com/astei)

Mods Created:
- [Krypton](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton)
- [LazyDFU](https://modrinth.com/mod/lazydfu)

## LambdAurora
GitHub: [LambdAurora](https://github.com/LambdAurora)

Mods Created:
- [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdynamiclights)
- [Lovely Snails](https://modrinth.com/mod/lovely_snails)

## Flytre7
CurseForge: [Flytre7](https://www.curseforge.com/members/flytre7)

Libraries Created:
- [Flytre Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lib)

## jellysquid3
GitHub: [jellysquid3](https://github.com/jellysquid3)

Mods Created:
- [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium)
- [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium)

## Macaw Team
CurseForge:
  - [sketch_macaw (Owner)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/sketch_macaw)
  - [PeachyMacaw (Artist)](https://www.curseforge.com/members/peachymacaw)

Mods Created:
- [Macaw's Doors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-doors)
- [Macaw's Fences & Walls](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-fences-and-walls)
- [Macaw's Lights & Lamps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-lights-and-lamps)
- [Macaw's Paintings](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-paintings)
- [Macaw's Roofs](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-roofs)
- [Macaw's Trapdoors](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-trapdoors)


## fxmorin
GitHub: [fxmorin](https://github.com/fxmorin)

Mods Created:
- [Memory Leak Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/memoryleakfix)
- [More Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/moreculling)

## Midnight Controls Team
GitHub:
  - [Motschen (Owner)](https://github.com/Motschen)
  - [LambdAurora (Original Creator)](https://github.com/LambdAurora)

Mods Created:
- [Midnight Controls](https://modrinth.com/mod/midnightcontrols)

## frqnny
GitHub: [frqnny](https://github.com/frqnny)

Mods Created:
- [Mo' Structures](https://modrinth.com/mod/mo-structures)

## DeathsGun
GitHub: [DeathsGun](https://github.com/DeathsGun)

Mods Created:
- [Mod Manager](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmanager)

## Mod Menu Team
GitHub:
  - [Prospector (Prospector)](https://github.com/Prospector)
  - [modmuss50 (Contributor)](https://github.com/modmuss50)
  - [NeusFear (Terraformers MC Team)](https://github.com/NeusFear)
  - [jackassmc (Maintainer)](https://github.com/jackassmc)

Mods Created:
- [Mod Menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu)

## Akashii_Kun
GitHub: [AkashiiKun](https://github.com/AkashiiKun)

Mods Created:
- [More Axolotl Variants](https://modrinth.com/mod/mavm)

## JackFred2
GitHub: [JackFred2](https://github.com/JackFred2)

Mods Created:
- [MoreChatHistory](https://modrinth.com/mod/morechathistory)

## Siphalor
GitHub: [Siphalor](https://github.com/JackFSiphalorred2)

Mods Created:
- [Mouse Wheelie](https://modrinth.com/mod/mouse-wheelie)

## Noaaan
GitHub: [Noaaan](https://github.com/Noaaan)

Mods Created:
- [Mythic Metals](https://modrinth.com/mod/mythicmetals)

## MIUNO
GitHub: [MIUNO](https://github.com/MIUNO)

Mods Created:
- [NiceMod](https://modrinth.com/mod/nicemod)

## natanfudge
GitHub: [natanfudge](https://github.com/natanfudge)

Mods Created:
- [Not Enough Crashes](https://modrinth.com/mod/notenoughcrashes)

## AOCAWOL
GitHub: [AOCAWOL](https://github.com/AOCAWOL)

Mods Created:
- [Oh The Biomes You'll Go](https://modrinth.com/mod/biomesyougo)

## williewillus
GitHub: [williewillus](https://github.com/williewillus)

Libraries Created:
- [Patchouli](https://modrinth.com/mod/patchouli)

## ellivers
GitHub: [ellivers](https://github.com/ellivers)

Mods Created:
- [Pettable](https://modrinth.com/mod/pettable)

## raspberry-jam
GitHub: [raspberry-jam](https://github.com/raspberry-jam)

Mods Created:
- [PingList](https://modrinth.com/mod/pinglist)

## link4real
GitHub: [link4real](https://github.com/link4real)

Mods Created:
- [Plushie Mod](https://modrinth.com/mod/plushie)

## HyperPigeon
GitHub: [HyperPigeon](https://github.com/HyperPigeon)

Mods Created:
- [Polaroid Camera](https://modrinth.com/mod/polaroidcamera)

## TheArcanePigeon
GitHub: [ReillyGregorio](https://github.com/ReillyGregorio)

Mods Created:
- [Probably Chests](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/probably-chests)

## acikek
GitHub: [acikek](https://github.com/acikek)

Mods Created:
- [Purpeille](https://modrinth.com/mod/purpeille)

## yurisuika
GitHub: [yurisuika](https://github.com/yurisuika)

Mods Created:
- [Raised](https://modrinth.com/mod/raised)

## Lunade_
GitHub: [AViewFromTheTop](https://github.com/AViewFromTheTop)

Mods Created:
- [Simple Copper Pipes](https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-copper-pipes)

## Giggitybyte
GitHub: [Giggitybyte](https://github.com/Giggitybyte)

Mods Created:
- [SleepWarp](https://modrinth.com/mod/sleep-warp)
## FlashyReese
GitHub: [FlashyReese](https://github.com/FlashyReese)

Mods Created:
- [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)
- [Reese's Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/reeses-sodium-options)
## lucko
GitHub: [lucko](https://github.com/lucko)

Mods Created:
- [spark](https://modrinth.com/mod/spark)

## spottedleaf
GitHub: [spottedleaf](https://github.com/spottedleaf)

Mods Created:
- [Starlight (Fabric)](https://modrinth.com/mod/starlight)

## NebSpacefarer
GitHub: [NebSpacefarer](https://github.com/NebSpacefarer)

Mods Created:
- [Stendhal](https://modrinth.com/mod/stendhal)

## Glitchfiend Team
GitHub:
  - [Adubbz (Main Contributor)](https://github.com/Adubbz)

Mods Created:
- [TerraBlender](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terrablender-fabric)

## 0xmycf
GitHub: [0xmycf](https://github.com/0xmycf)

Mods Created:
- [Timber Mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/timber-mod)

## n1nn1
GitHub: [n1nn1](https://github.com/n1nn1)

Mods Created:
- [🪵 Twigs](https://modrinth.com/mod/twigs)

## xanthian
GitHub: [xanthian](https://github.com/xanthian)

Mods Created:
- [Variant Barrels](https://modrinth.com/mod/variant-barrels)

## b1n-ry
GitHub: [b1n-ry](https://github.com/b1n-ry)

Mods Created:
- [You're in Grave Danger](https://modrinth.com/mod/yigd)
